*: fix errors reported by languagetool (#6069)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/scrapy.md

`scrapy crawl {{spider_name}}`

> - Fetch a webpage as Scrapy sees it and print source in stdout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fetch a webpage as Scrapy sees it and print the source to stdout:
```

`scrapy fetch {{url}}`

- Open a webpage in the default browser as Scrapy sees it (disable JavaScript for extra fidelity):

`scrapy view {{url}}`

> - Open Scrapy shell for URL, which allows interaction with the page source in python shell (or ipython if available):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open Scrapy shell for URL, which allows interaction with the page source in a Python shell (or IPython if available):
```
